I have read and understood the Academic Misconduct Policy for
Undergraduates, the related sections 102.01-102.016 and 105.15 of the
UC Santa Cruz Student Policies and Regulations Handbook,
and the related sections of the class syllabus.
- Karen Lee kglee
pa01

I wrote this assignment using only permitted sources
that do not require citation, according to the syllabus.

pa01 is a graph program that takes the input from a file. The first line in a
file is the length of the IntList, or the the max number on the x-axis. Every
line after the first is the coordinates. The first number is the x-coordinate
and the second number is the y-coordinate. The program takes the coordinates
and places the y-coordinate along the correct index of the IntList. For example,
(1, 3) would place the 3 in the index 1 of the array.

The program requires graph01.c, intList.c, and intList.h to work. Makefile is
not necessary, but is used to help compile the program and create an easy to
use exectuable.

To run the program, make an input file with the max x-axis number first, then
the coordinates on each separate line. Type: "make" into the console to compile
the need programs. Then type: "graph01 input.data", input.data being the input
file.

TEST Files
test1.in:
    Tests the parseEdge function with only one number on a line and a string
    instead of two numbers as expected.
    Output: edge error, exit status = 1
        Bad edge: 2

test2.in:
    Tests what happens when the first line of a file does not only have a
    single integer.
    Output: line error, exit status = 1
        Bad line 1: 1 5

test3.in:
    Tests the program using the expected input and format
    Output: exit status = 0
        Output matches graph.java output, correctly displays output

test4.in:
    Tests when n < 1.
    Output: array error, exit status = 1
        graph01.c differs from graph.java as C does not have exceptions like
        Java. Had to manually make the program print an error and stop running
        otherwise it would have kept on running.

test5.in:
    Tests 3 fields and more than 3 fields in a line
    Output: edge error, exit status = 1
        Bad edge: 5 8 3 4 test
        Three fields in a line was fine, but not any more
